hi guys today on divas can cook we are
making a BLT Caesar pasta salad
I don't even wanna let you guys know how
many bowls I've had this stuff it is
like it's so sad it's so sad but let me
show you how to make it okay we're going
to start by making our pasta I'm using
the mini bowtie pasta because they're so
cute you want to bring that water to a
boil and we'll salt there and toss them
in we're gonna cook these until they're
al dente I like saying bit funky be fine
al dente okay so these are perfectly
cooked go ahead and drain them and then
rinse them off with cold water place
them in a bowl there they are nice and
cooled off and up - it feels so nice a
nice fit okay now we don't work on to
our bacon I'm using turkey bake and you
can use whatever kind you like go ahead
and fry those bad boys up okay just like
that I'm gonna move them and let them
drain a little bit I wanna bacon kind of
burnt I don't know why I like burnt
bacon don't forget you guys you can find
this recipe on my blog d with some cook
calm what a ton of other recipes so go
check that out alright now it's the fun
part put this salad together okay we're
gonna add in our bacon i crumbled it up
just like that
okay next we're gonna add in our we're
gonna toss it around a bit make sure we
have enough bacon I like a lot of bacon
so I add a lot if we're going to add in
our um chopped up cherry tomatoes yum
seasonal next comes some black olives I
love like olives so I add a lot but you
can add you know a little a lot whatever
okay and now we're going to add in a
really good-quality Caesar dress and you
can make your own or pick them up in the
um I found got that like in the produce
section the refrigerated section don't
get the Katniss on frigerator ills
disgusting alright never going to add in
some romaine lettuce the lettuce I was
really surprised that the lettuce tastes
so good in this dish it makes it taste
so fresh and just crunchy it works so
good I love it so go ahead your lettuce
in there and they're gonna add in some
shredded Parmesan cheese sprinkle that
in there a lot or little just whatever
you like you know just toss it all
around and guess what you guys we are
done yay I love easy side dishes this is
great for all those grilled chicken and
hamburgers all those um no summer
holidays hope you guys enjoyed this
recipe
a